Professionals I'll get out of here again
san pedro del plata am this time
right in front of our hotel in the hotel
Asia as you can see, weather is
unfortunately not much better
in contrast , it is even here
come down a bit rain
otherwise you have to say that the five
units in the last now
one and a half days already good in the
bones have a good reaction
many gameplay had four runs in it
how feels 50,000 push-ups made
yesterday and so it should be we are here
not to work on vacation
and since we go on here tomorrow
with our test game the opponent he has
before his bus already there parked the
hoffheimer also with the hotel and yes
I want to bring you here now
reinnehmen to the hotel you one time
little bit showing where we are here so
Incidentally, have stopped last night
still growing from ours
sponsors or some of the sponsors
so are now a large number
here we go times to errors
purely
so
So here it is in the entrance area
you see mixed people and people
just come to the spa area as
also some sponsors just from
Sponsors play here
bushel our head of the whole journey
very big so if we are here now
Once the präsi waving once if we
Let's go further
Here a little area to the
hang out there because I do not
what is there just a high
hopes to be there in the middle of it all
Election tables for the boys for some
here on the right also a few yourself and
We also have a few crowns
special cases very much
cosmetics and their optics so place who
Buck has what we have internet there
not so important on the
Room if we are here now
go on
We come to our dining caution
here buffet restaurant whole units
that's right and eat here
but also a chill area
if you go through here now, there is
a large spa area with a with
a hotel-owned power room here
once you look around here like that
rooms also angle some of them again
our sponsors are both at krone
in the yard 4 1 as well as to the outside
So you see, we actually miss that
at first glance do not and if we
the program is pretty much the last
have made days or
then the last units have done
I am optimistic that we are here
very successful training camp
deny and so fit it is just after
Bochum come back the boys are
Now on top of the rooms a bit
mittagsruhe
Immediately continue I already have
seen force cas is announced so
again and I purely padded
and look forward to it, I said then
Tomorrow it'll be good